README.md, before:

# Boomtown 🏙

Boomtown is a web application that users can use to share items with others and lend items as they desire. 

## Technologies Used In This Project

Postgres

Javascript

GraphQL

Node.JS

## Author

Created by : Tim Nguyen 

## Learning Lessons

The project was informative as I learned how to create the Postgres database from scratch. I learned how to create Queries to fetch and insert items into the Postgres Database and test the Queries using GraphQL.


## Server

Commands must be run from the `server` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run Jest tests:

```
npm run jest
```

Run Jest tests, and watch for changes:

```bash
npm run jest:watch
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Client

Commands must be run from the `client` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm start
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

Commit message:

Add Authorized Viewer as Security Measure on Schema.JS, Update README with Technologies, Lesson Learned, and Update Author for Package.JSON

README.md, after:

# Boomtown 🏙

Boomtown is a fun place that users can go on, share and borrow items from each other. Boomtown is a place full of fun.

## Technologies Used In This Project

Postgres

Apollo- Server & Client

Javascript- React and Redux Library

GraphQL

Node.JS/ NPM 

Material UI Library

## Author

Created by : Tim Nguyen 

## Credit

Red Academy Class Project Boomtown Boiler Plate
 
## Learning Lessons

Part 1- Back End Development

The project was informative as I learned how to create the Postgres database from scratch. I learned how to create Queries to fetch and insert items into the Postgres Database and test the Queries using GraphQL.

Part 2- Front End Development

This part of the project mainly focuses on rendering items on the user interface. The focus is on using Apollo Queries to get items and user profiles on their respective pages. The project also concerns on the use of Redux to link the Form and the Preview Component on Share Item Page.



## Server

Commands must be run from the `server` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run Jest tests:

```
npm run jest
```

Run Jest tests, and watch for changes:

```bash
npm run jest:watch
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Client

Commands must be run from the `client` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm start
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```
